feat: add private key file envvar (#7)
aukilabs/hagall: doc/testing.md

> # Testing

Reviewer: This document, title and the link to it should instead by named something like "Checking that Hagall works properly" or something nicer. It doesn't contain anything about testing Hagall.

Or possibly this stuff could be part of another document.

Reviewer 2: Merged with troubleshooting

After launching Hagall, it's a good idea to take a look at the logs to make sure your server is registered, working and accessible. There are a few things you can look for:

* "hagall is successfully registered to hds" should show up in the log
* `"message":"new client is connected","tags":{"app-key":"0xSMOKE"}}` should show up in the log. These are health checks (also known as smoke tests) running from the central Hagall Discovery Service (HDS) to test that the server is working

> * You can also check metrics like `ws_connected_clients`, see more [Metrics](metrics.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Check metrics like `ws_connected_clients` (see the [Metrics](metrics.md) document for details)
* Check that the server appears on the posemesh [dashboard](https://dashboard.posemesh.org/servers)
```

Reviewer 2: updated and merged with [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/aukilabs/hagall/pull/7/files/a838c775a4f517d486d49240740626de19f82319#r1495446053)
